[DOCS-13635] Add upgrade Worker Helm instructions (#35281)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/configuration/install_the_worker/_index.md

## Upgrade the Worker

To upgrade the Worker to the latest version:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "APT" %}}

Run this command:

```
sudo apt-get install --only-upgrade observability-pipelines-worker
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "RPM" %}}

Run this command:

```
sudo yum install --only-upgrade observability-pipelines-worker
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

> 1. Pin to a specific version and upgrade in your `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer: https://github.com/DataDog/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/observability-pipelines-worker/values.yaml#L52-L56 
If you specify an image tag in your values.yaml file (see above), you are pinning the deployment to a specific version. In that case, the version will not change automatically, so you will need to manually update the image tag whenever you are ready to upgrade.

If you do not want to pin to a specific version and are using the default image value from our Helm chart, then you just need to run the same commands you used during installation. AKA you don't make changes to the helm chart/ 
        helm repo update
        helm upgrade --install opw datadog/observability-pipelines-worker -f <your-values-file>.yaml

if you have any overrides that you used when installing then you will run the command with the overrides. Note: We suggest moving all value overrides into your own values file to make this easier so you don't have to run the command with your overrides every time.

> 2. Use the chart's default image tag (upgrade by chart version).

Reviewer: the two options are: use the  the default image value from our Helm chart (default chart version), or specify an image tag to upgrade to

## Upgrade the Worker

> To upgrade the Worker to the latest version:

Reviewer 2: Minor wording: each tab doesn't necessarily upgrade to "the latest version" — the Kubernetes pinned-tag scenario upgrades to a version you choose. Consider:

```To upgrade the Worker:```

Or even:
```To upgrade the Worker, follow the instructions in the tab for your environment.``` or something along those lines.

Author: Going with the first suggestion because the tags are going to get removed with cdocs conversion.

Author: ```suggestion
To upgrade the Worker:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "APT" %}}

Run this command:

```
sudo apt-get install --only-upgrade observability-pipelines-worker
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "RPM" %}}

Run this command:

```
sudo yum install --only-upgrade observability-pipelines-worker
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

> To upgrade the Worker, if you are:

Reviewer 2: Removing the "to upgrade the Worker" bit since that's already under the parent section header. 

Also, the branching here is hard to scan. I recommend creating two h4 subheadings for "Upgrade with a pinned image tag" and "Upgrade with the chart's default image tag", each followed by a numbered list and single **Note** paragraph.

```suggestion
```

> - Setting `image.tag`  in your `values.yaml` file with the Worker version:

Reviewer 2: Double space between `image.tag` and "in".

```suggestion
- Setting `image.tag` in your `values.yaml` file with the Worker version:
```

    - Update the `image.tag` in your `values.yaml` file. Replace `<WORKER_VERSION>` with the Worker version you want to use, such as `2.15.0`.
        ```yaml
        image:
            # image.name -- Specify the image name to use (relative to `image.repository`).
            name: observability-pipelines-worker
            # image.tag -- Specify the image tag to use.
            tag: <WORKER_VERSION>
        ```

>     - **Notes**:

Reviewer 2: Only one note follows, so use the singular form.

```suggestion
    - **Note**:
```

>         - Your deployment continues using that image tag until you set `image.tag` in your `values.yaml` file to another version.

Author: ```suggestion
    - **Note**: Your deployment continues using that image tag until you set `image.tag` in your `values.yaml` file to another version.
```

- Using the chart's default image tag:

>     - Run these commands to update the repo and upgrade the release, along with any overrides you were using, to get the latest chart's default image. Replace <YOUR_VALUE_FILE> with the name of your `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: Two issues here:
1. `<YOUR_VALUE_FILE>` doesn't match the placeholder in the code block on line 624, which is `<YOUR_VALUES_FILE>` (plural). Readers who copy verbatim will use the wrong placeholder.
2. The placeholder isn't in code formatting. Per the [editorial reference](https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/docs4docs/pages/1708195851/Editorial+and+Contribution+Guidelines), placeholders use `` `<PLACEHOLDER>` `` format.

```suggestion
    - Run these commands to update the repo and upgrade the release, along with any overrides you were using, to get the latest chart's default image. Replace `<YOUR_VALUES_FILE>` with the name of your `values.yaml` file.
```

>         ```yaml

Reviewer 2: The fence is tagged `yaml`, but the contents are shell commands.

```suggestion
        ```shell
```

Author: @domalessi for some reason, when I applied this suggestion, it removed the backticks with the `yaml` tag: https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/35281/changes/455bd7f07e1212b73bb01ebaf47ef7bb108f0642

        helm repo update
        helm upgrade --install opw datadog/observability-pipelines-worker -f <YOUR_VALUES_FILE>.yaml
        ```
    - **Note**: To simplify upgrades, keep all of your custom settings in your own values file and override only the values you need. This makes it easier to re-run `helm upgrade` without having to reapply multiple manual overrides.

> After the `values.yaml` file has been updated to the new Worker version, new Worker pods are created with the updated image version and old pods are terminated only after the replacements are `Ready`. The update is a rolling update by default, so one pod is upgraded at a time. See the `updateStrategy` options in the `value.yaml` file if you want to change the default values.

Reviewer 2: A few issues on this line:

1. **Typo**: `value.yaml` should be `values.yaml` to match the rest of the doc and the actual Helm chart filename.
2. **Code block introduction**: this paragraph ends with a period, but the next code block (lines 630–637) is being introduced. Per the editorial reference, code blocks are introduced with a colon, not a period.
3. **Long passive sentence**: the first sentence is 32 words and uses passive voice ("has been updated"). Splitting and converting to active improves readability.

```suggestion
After you update the `values.yaml` file to the new Worker version, new Worker pods are created with the updated image. Old pods are terminated only after the replacements are `Ready`. The update is a rolling update by default, so one pod is upgraded at a time. To change the default values, see the `updateStrategy` options in the `values.yaml` file:
```

## Upgrade the Worker

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "APT" %}}

> To upgrade the Worker, run this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To upgrade the Worker, run the following command:
```

```
sudo apt-get install --only-upgrade observability-pipelines-worker
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "RPM" %}}

> To upgrade the Worker, run this command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To upgrade the Worker, run the following command:
```

```
sudo yum install --only-upgrade observability-pipelines-worker
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

> To upgrade the Worker, you can either [upgrade with a pinned image tag](#upgrade-with-a-pinned-image-tag) or [upgrade with the chart's default image tag](#upgrade-with-the-charts-default-image-tag).

Reviewer 2: This tab/section is definitely better with the section headers! The only thing that feels off to me is the rolling update paragraph sitting between the A/B teaser sentence and the two sub-sections. I feel like it forces me to absorb mechanics before I know what path I'm taking. One option is to move the content below the two sub-sections and give it its own H3 heading, such as "Rolling update behavior". I defer to you though — current structure suffices.

Author: Yeah I get what you are saying, I was debating about adding it as a separate header but then it kind of seemed out of place with the two upgrade options. I'm going to think about this some more.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I agree with the hesitation! I don't think there's a perfect solution here, so go with whatever you think is best of the imperfect options!

> After you update the `values.yaml` file to the new Worker version, new Worker pods are created with the updated image. Old pods are terminated only after the replacements are `Ready`. The update is a rolling update by default, so one pod is upgraded at a time. To change the default values, see the `updateStrategy` options in the `values.yaml` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you update the `values.yaml` file with the new Worker version, new Worker pods are created with the updated image. Old pods are terminated only after the replacements are `Ready`. The update is a rolling update by default, so one pod is upgraded at a time. To change the default values, see the `updateStrategy` options in the `values.yaml` file:
```

```yaml
updateStrategy: {}
#   type: RollingUpdate
#   rollingUpdate:
#     maxUnavailable: 1

# terminationGracePeriodSeconds -- Override terminationGracePeriodSeconds.
```

### Upgrade with a pinned image tag

> Update the `image.tag` in your `values.yaml` file. Replace `<WORKER_VERSION>` with the Worker version you want to use, such as `2.15.0`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Update the `image.tag` in your `values.yaml` file, replacing `<WORKER_VERSION>` with the Worker version you want to use (such as `2.15.0`):
```

```yaml
image:
    # image.name -- Specify the image name to use (relative to `image.repository`).
    name: observability-pipelines-worker
    # image.tag -- Specify the image tag to use.
    tag: <WORKER_VERSION>
```
**Note**: Your deployment continues using that image tag until you set `image.tag` in your `values.yaml` file to another version.

### Upgrade with the chart's default image tag

> Run these commands to update the repo and upgrade the release, along with any overrides you were using, to get the latest chart's default image. Replace `<YOUR_VALUES_FILE>` with the name of your `values.yaml` file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run these commands to update the Helm repo and upgrade the release to the chart's default image, applying any overrides you previously set. Replace `<YOUR_VALUES_FILE>` with the name of your `values.yaml` file:
```

```shell
helm repo update
helm upgrade --install opw datadog/observability-pipelines-worker -f <YOUR_VALUES_FILE>.yaml
```

> **Note**: To simplify upgrades, keep all of your custom settings in your own values file and override only the values you need. This makes it easier to re-run `helm upgrade` without having to reapply multiple manual overrides.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Keep all custom settings in your `values.yaml` file and override only the values you need. You can then re-run `helm upgrade` without reapplying manual overrides.
```
